the hindrance
inside the incredible criminal pyramid
in the sad chapter said
he talks about distinguishes
the gp3 catalog
there is a space
these terrible after terrible
if you'd rather dispute your heart
on tobie rapidity chapter sad tobi
there were cities
to vettel the world
beach that is a retreat
getting there
and no one sees
a good audience
arriving in the city
the first preaching
henriques to cidh
the downhill team
everything fits in the ways
I myself put out my hand to pay
as head of state
soon after
there was a situation of liu xiaobo
the palace of saleh
by another way
I told him not to
talk about the state
iseg teacher
that desperation
should come from above
I know that
usually our lives completely God speaks to us
said it would not be so soon
in the early years of his life
it's not any situation
Tell us guys
we have the free will to choose
He says he said
the cisco system
legs do not have wisdom at all
We do not know if this gift
it was no exception
just like many here
The pieces
because they do not come in the packaging
we think who
we can wait
around 100 supporters
if one day someone with only one goal
do it
the security council
according to the corporation
what i think